In the 70s and 80s there were only
a handful of telephone switch makers.
This was the most expensive piece
of the telephone infrastructure.
And there was Nortel, Siemens, Ericsson,
AT&T Bell Labs which
spawned off Lucent and NTT.
And these switches had become
like massive mainframe computers.
They were massive mainframe computers
with millions and millions of code.
So, to enable a new
revenue bearing service,
like collect calls, or 1-800 services,
it would take two to three years and
multi-million dollars of effort
to bring in the new feature and
try it out.
And what we will see is,
with the advent of SS7, you
could accomplish the same
thing with small computers,
hanging of the telephony network and
providing exactly the same features.